The Waystone inn was in the middle of the town on Noware, in the middle of nowhere.  Inside the inn was a silence of three parts.  The first, a silence due to the lack of people.  The second due to the lack of external forces. But the third was almost undetectable.  One could sit there for hours and not notice it. The third, belonged to the innkeeper.

The first part of the silence due the lack of people was obvious at first glance. Beautifully furnished lobby, clean and furnished rooms, comfortable facilities all without any sign of human trace or presence. Throughout the establishment, there is only one figure to be seen, the innkeeper. Despite the
lack of human presence, the inn was well-maintained. Who was maintaining the inn and for whom is it maintained for ?

Questions circulated my mind while the hall remained quiet. One could hear a mouse scurry across the floor with every little footprint ringing in their ears. The lobby, although carefully polished, gave me an eerie feeling like something wasn't right. I muttered to myself, "I should have stayed at the Holiday Inn..."

I approached the innkeeper and introduced myself, "Good evening sir I'll be checking in under the name Schpoepel." He was yet to  make a sound still, he handed me a room key with number 301 and pointed at the starewell. I was officially creeped out, but I didn't know of another hotel for miles and it was late so I made my way to my room. As I laid in bed and drifted off to sleep the uneasiness i was feeling started to fade. That is until what happened at 3:17 a.m. that morning.

I woke up startled, unsure why I was awake. Was it a bad dream that jarred me out of my slumber?  Then I heard a brisk snap, like a branch cracking outside, I got up and waltzed over to the window. As soon as I started to peer out the innkeeper's face arose from outside looking in the window, tapping. He politely signalled for me to come out onto the ledge with him, which in return I politely declined.  "Your loss, the wind only calls once," he shrugged and jumped, being wisked away by the wind and carried off into the night.
